# Setup for journals (using Git and Markdown)

Today Giang and I sat down and covered some of the essential parts of the repository management and web content. We decided that we will be using 3 main languages for the project. 

## Major Languages
1. Python: All the work with collecting the data and using the API will be done in Python using IPython notebooks. 
1. Markdown: We will be doing our journals and most of the web content in markdown just because it is fast to type and simple to understand. 
1. reStructued Text: While this simple markup language is mostly used in Python documentation along with the Sphinx module and sometimes with LaTeX for parsing into pdfs, we decided that it would be a good idea to use it for more technical explanations that display code. 
1. R: While we will be doing most of the data analysis and visualizations in Python, we will also be utilizing the many abilities of R's ggplot module as it is simple to implement and very functional. 

In addition to programming and markup languages, these are the major modules we will be utilizing for data analysis 
## Major Modules
1. Matplotlib: Data Visualization in Python
2. Sphinx: A quick way to build the webpages 
3. ggplot: Data Visualization in R
1. Pandas: Data analysis and manipulation in Python
4. Seaborn: Data Visualization in Python

## Other Skills
1. Git: Since the project is hosted on GitHub as a 'Github Pages' website, we will be using git for managing the repository. 

Today, we also practiced using git and I helped Giang with basic git functions `init`, `status`, `commit`,`remote`,`add`,`pull`,`push`,`fetch` and various other functions which will be in Giang's repository for today. 

We also took inspirations from [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) for working with Markdown. 
